
Now recording. Woo. Alrighty. Well, I will say, I took a little look see at the, document that he gave us, and I see that he apparently wants I I assume he wants everyone to, do do accurate and do misleading visualizations. Yeah.

I noticed that thirty minutes ago. But Wait. What now? What did you say, Steven? Apparently, I think everyone has to do, like, some portion of individual coding where we, we all in our own notebooks create two accurate visualizations and two misleading ones.

Okay. Yeah. But I I took a look at yours, Charles. Oh my gosh. You changed it.

You you added new ones, actually. Hello? Hey. Oh, sorry. I didn't know if I have my maybe my Internet cut out or something.

Yeah. I think all of us were just kinda also doing that. I did all the checks to see if my white part was out there. I think I might have just did I misinterpret? And I yeah.

I only did one visualization for each, so I made a doobsy daisy there. Oh, no. When I was giving everyone instructions, I only said one because I was reading through it real quick. So it does look like for each individual, it is too good, too bad, And then either in your code or somewhere else around it, you need to write, some paragraphs just to explain why it's effective or not. Yes.

And then after that, we're gonna have to do a group report. Mhmm. Which is a summary description of the visualizations and implications and then ethical considerations and visual design. I suppose. Oh, sorry.

Go ahead. So just to start off, for the description of visualizations and their implications, I vote whatever we write down as our summaries for our own visualizations, we copy paste it. I I was gonna say, I feel like with the I feel like with the group report, what we can do is two people take their two good or accurate visualization, and two people take their two misleading ones, and then each person, like, kind of takes care of, like, bringing the visualization into the report and then also writing writing out the the, description about the visualization. Yeah. That makes the most sense.

And is there are four of us? So one of so two of us can take the bad ones and two of us can take the good one. So who wants to be on what? Rock, paper, scissors. No.

I'm okay with either, if y'all have preferences. I'll do the bad visualization. I miss making bad graphs. Okay. I don't care either way.

Charles, do you have anything? Are you still with us? Me. Oh, cool. I was about to send a message in the group.

Y'all enjoying the snow day? I mean, it was okay. I had to go salt around the residence halls earlier. Oh. And it was, like, fine for, like, five minutes.

And then I got really cold. Yeah. It's a little chilly today. Yeah. I work remote, so I hope so.

Hello? I've now I was gonna say he sounds so deep fried. Yeah. Sorry. Let's see.

Oh, yeah. We got that. We can't really hear you. Well, we hear you now, but it's very fried. Yeah.

You it kinda sounds like you have, like you're speaking with your hand your hair mouth, and it's, like, very loud. Cool. What's this account here? Let's see. Let's see.

Then I have a statement. Your call. You'll do misleading visualization. The pros will take the accurate one. We'll also take an accurate one if you're okay with the misleading one, Abby.

Yep. Alright. Cool. Is there any other part that we need to delegate, or do we already have a, document, open for this or no? Oh, I don't think so.

I made a OneDrive file a while back. I can send I can send I can send Alright. So now Hey. Okay. Never mind.

I see it now. Alright. I mean, that looks about good. So y'all y'all have, busy with this video discussion. Wait.

What'd you say? Charles, was she able to hear me better now? Are you able to hear me better now? Yes. Cool.

Yeah. Is there anything else that you guys feel that we need to, out? What in the world? Now Charles can't hear us. Well, I guess, is there anything else that we feel like we need to discuss, for our this group project?

Or we'll need to have a summary of the dataset and then ethical considerations if anyone wants to write more, but that's it. Cool. I can, take care of the overview and dataset portion again if that sounds good to everyone. If, maybe, like, Miracle or maybe Charles, I'll send him a message about it and see if he wants to do that if you don't. Let's see.

Alright. So Abby and Myrtle, you guys will be making misleading visuals. Charles and I will be making accurate visualizations, and then I'll write out the summary or overview of the project and then the summary of the dataset. And then I assume we'll we'll want, like, a final summary slash ethical concerns. That will be for someone.

I I've I've I can Yeah. I can do the final summary and ethical concerns. Cool. Charles, we're kinda, like, outlining it in the, general chat, but, Abby and Miracle will be making one misleading visualization each, then you and I will be making one accurate visual visualization each or I guess, like Oh, no. We need to have you need to have two each in your coding.

We only need to have, like, four total visuals in the report, but we will have to be made. Yeah. I just wanna make sure that's clear. Yes. In the individual coding part, too bad, too good, and then descriptions on the visualization.

And then for the final or for the group project, we'll be doing two bad visual or two misleading visualizations, which will be handled with Abby and Myracle. And then you and I will be doing two accurate visualizations. Okay. I'll take care of one, you take care of the other. For the report, we'll just be everyone will just be pulling their visualization and description of the visualization in.

I'll be doing the overview and then summary of the dataset at the start of the paper, and then Miracle will be handling the final summary and then the ethical concerns of visualizations, I guess. K. I'm not missing anything more. I'm happy. I don't know if you can hear me.

Yeah. We can still hear you. Okay. Oh, I can't tell apart. Fine.

Oh, ethical considerations. Oops. Not concerns. In visualization design. We can split that up.

Yeah. I yeah. We could probably split up final summary and then ethical considerations. So give me one of those. I'm happy to do it.

Miracle, which one do you wanna give up? It doesn't matter to me. I'll do the summary. Okay. Yeah.

That's fine. Yeah. And if if you decide differently, Miracle, just let me know. Like I say, I I don't mind doing either one. Oh, yeah.

If you wanna do yeah. I'm fine with you doing the final summary. Alrighty. Good. So this is due when?

I've asked that, like, maybe before, but this is due This is due next Wednesday at midnight. Twenty. Okay. Alright. So let me just test my understanding.

When will I have everything to do the summaries? I would I would really like to not be waiting till Wednesday. I plan on knocking my part out by Monday night. Perfect. Perfect.

I'll probably get mine done either Friday or this weekend. Yeah. I was gonna say, but it'll be sometime this Alright. I was also gonna say mine will be sometime this weekend. Great.

Appreciate that a lot. For sure. Always wanna make your guys' lives easier. So that means you're gonna present it on whenever we have to present it again? I don't know about that one.

I'm still a little salty about that, but it's it's whatever. Yeah. I think I don't think we're gonna have a lot of control over it. He he seems to be just rolling the dice. Yeah.

I just know that I'm I'm safe I'm safe this week and probably for the next two, hopefully. He might just really like that number. I think he just has something out for me, honestly. Ever since I quit his research ever since I quit his research group. Really?

Oh. No. That's sarcasm. I don't actually feel that way. It's it's all a joke.

Actually, I think he mentioned it to me on the side. He said, Dan, that's he really annoys me. He didn't like my web development? Maybe. He didn't really go into specifics, but there was clearly disdain.

Yeah. Yeah. I'm not surprised. I was I was a rebellious undergraduate. No.

I'm I'm totally joking, please. Oh, no. I know you are. After the, Right. Anything else gang?

No. I'm good if y'all are good. Hey, stop in the recording now.